Add note to read me about templates (#539)
dotnet/test-templates: README.md

- Users can test the dotnet core templates that reside in the templates_feed folder by running the test script [test.cmd](https://github.com/dotnet/test-templates/blob/main/test.cmd)
- Note: Please make sure you have run the build script before you run the test script.

> 
> ## Note
> Please note the templates inside template_feed folder were moved into the dotnet sdk and they are kept here only for potential fixes of 9.0.1XXX .net version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Note

Please note the templates inside the `template_feed` folder were moved into the [dotnet/sdk](https://github.com/dotnet/sdk) and they are kept here only for potential fixes of .NET 9.0.1XXX.
```
